what's up everyone feels to know bits
here and I got a really exciting
unboxing for you guys today I've been
waiting for this one for a little bit
and I finally received it i actually
thought that I was going to receive it
tomorrow because there were some
problems at usps so they said that would
arrive tomorrow instead of today but
instead it arrived today and this is my
brand new 32 gigabyte white iphone 4 now
this was converted by a company called I
fix direct so I sent them out a brand
new 32 gigabyte obviously you can send
out your used 32 16 gigabyte whatever
model you have you could send it out
used to them and they'll swap it out for
a hundred and seventy nine dollars into
a white iphone 4 just like this one so
before this it was a black 32 gigabyte
and now it's going to be converted into
a white 32 gigabyte and let's see hit
the quality on this actual conversion so
as always I have my murdering knife here
here it is let's open it up and what
we'll see how beautiful the white iphone
4 is and how wonderful this conversion
was so they did ask me if there if I
wanted to sell them my black parts my
older black parts from my other iphone 4
and they offered me I believe $75 for
them not sure if it's like that for
everyone but they will mail you and ask
you if you want to sell your parts and
yeah so if you want to make some extra
money you can actually save money on the
conversion by giving them your old parts
so there we go it should be in here and
we'll see it bubble wrap so there's a
lot of protection in here there's
actually pop born in here as well so I'm
sure your fun cannot get damaged in the
mailing process so it's a hundred and
seventy nine dollars to actually do this
but I mean if you really want a white
iphone if you want people asking you
where you got it and everything like
that then I mean it's a nice little deal
it's the cheapest deal I've seen out
there some of them go for 200 to 250
dollars but this company I fixed direct
did it for 179
so it's a little bit less expensive so
we'll take off the protective cover that
they put on there that's really nice of
them to do that Oh for a hundred and
seventy nine dollars a better behaved
but there we go guys there's the white
iphone 4 i'm actually really excited to
be holding this here i could see a
little bit of discoloration between the
home button and the actual white
background of the iphone 4 or the white
glass so that kind of bothers me a
little bit here it is compared to the
iphone 4 black or yes the black iphone 4
and yeah so i do see that i do have
everything my flash diffuser and they
did not convert the actual headphone
jack or the duct connector on the bottom
i know that there's white parts for the
actual white dock connector and the
white headphone jack out there so they
did not do that so that bothers me a
little bit but it's no big deal I mean
doesn't look too bad and you have I
believe the proximity sensor right there
the facetime camera see if it turns on
probably have to power it up at the top
like a normal iphone and it seems to
turn on perfectly fine and yeah so
they're going to be shipping my original
parts back to me they do them in
separate orders just in case you do want
to sell them and yeah I think it's a
great deal for you guys if you actually
want to make some extra money or
actually save some money on the white
iphone conversion so it should only cost
you around a hundred bucks to actually
do this if you sell them your old parts
in good condition if that's what they
are offering you but yeah it seems
really nice just that home button
bothers me a little bit i don't know if
you could see it in the camera but
there's a bit of discoloration between
the button and the actual front glass on
the phone I should have a full review of
this conversion process in a few days be
sure to be subscribed to me so you see
the full review on the white iphone if
you think this is something you're
interested doing the conversion and
everything saving some money by actually
signing them your parts and everything
like that I'll make sure to do a video
on it full review so you guys know if
you should get it or not get it this was
just the unbox
so be sure to subscribe be sure to
comment below if you have any questions
or suggestions and be sure to give a
thumbs up thanks a lot guys and I will
see you all later